Grande enchilada soft taco tequila
Spanish words
cassadee me padre stars will ferrell and
genesis please allow me to enter your
Genesis Rodriguez
it's an entirely spanish-language film
and will ferrel learn the Spanish
language for this movie it's a movie
that's a complete total spoof of the old
Spanish soap operas where you know low
budget everything fake cars you know
like people are walking and it's
obviously some projection just going in
the background you see the same things
passing over and over again and I went
into this movie thinking there has to be
something good about this movie it can't
be terrible because why would Will
Ferrell invest so much time to learn a
different language to make a film he
plays this guy that everyone thinks is
like the cowardly family member everyone
else in the family is rich his brothers
involved with drugs and Genesis
Rodriguez is gonna marry him and he
really likes her but he's all innocent
in everything he was approved to
everyone that he's a strong man but also
a good man
I had fun in this movie I enjoyed a lot
of it I enjoyed Will Ferrell in it of
course you just look at him he's such an
idiot you know but he's really improving
quite a bit the fact that he invested so
much time in this movie to learn a
second language is very impressive to me
and he speaks it really well I mean I'm
not like a fluency expert but he also
speaks it in really funny ways sometimes
that just add to the comedy the funniest
parts about this movie for sure are
whenever they poke fun at the very
low-budget aspect of some Spanish films
sometimes people are replaced with
mannequins cars are replaced with little
toys on string you can tell that the
same cars are passing by them multiple
times when the film utilizes those
aspects it is hilarious and I laughed
quite often and the film but it's really
overly serious at times and it's meant
to be funny but at times it doesn't work
I know it's poking fun at the silly
over-the-top stories of Spanish soap
operas and everything but at times the
story did feel a little bit
uninteresting there was enough
consistent laughs to keep me invested in
the comedy but I still had fun with this
movie because a lot of the satire really
did work and wolferl was great in the
film and Genesis Rodriguez yes she is
extremely hot and I would do so many
different things to her but she is
actually pretty good in this movie - she
hit just the right note I thought the
action is cheesy it's over-the-top it's
meant to be at times it works at times
it doesn't for the most part I was
entertained of this movie it had some
good laughs but not very consistent
laughs I'm going to give Casa de Padre a
B - I'd like to know what's your
favorite spoof movie
there's all different types some are
dumb some are awesome what's your
favorite and once again I want to give a
mention to the brilliant artist tin
Salim eunuch for making my new channel
background his artistry is just
fantastic please check out his website I
put the link below like his Facebook
page I would not be surprised to see his
name on many graphic novels because that
dude is insanely talented and get stuck
Manasseh
doesn't make any sense at all